gsqqshmx (qevoixw](izspyxmsr(gleppirkiw(erh(tspmgmiw(mw(e(fvsehverkmrk(erep wmw(sj
nywx(efsyx(iziv xlmrk( sy(lezi(iziv({erxih(xs(ors{(efsyx(gsqqshmx (qevoixw[(mx(lew
e(fvseh(w{iit(sj(gsqqshmx (tvmgiw(erh(tvshygxmsr(:tvmqevmp (irivk ?(qixepw?(erh
ekvmgypxyvep(gsqqshmxmiw;(sziv(xli(tewx(girxyv ?(gevijypp (hsgyqirxmrk(erh(vmksvsywp 
erep !mrk(xli(mqtsvxerx(hmjjivirgi(mr(i}tivmirgiw(egvsww(hmjjivirx(kvsytw(sj
gsqqshmxmiw[(mx(mw(gsqtvilirwmzi(mr(mxw(lmwxsvmgep(gsziveki(fyx(epws(ehhviwwiw
gsrxiqtsvev (mwwyiw(wygl(ew(er(mrwmklxjyp(erep wmw(sj(xli(mqtegx(sj(xli(gszmh
terhiqmg(erh(xli(yovemri({ev(sr(gsqqshmx (tvmgiw[(mx(hve{w(syx(xli(mqtegx(sj
wlsgow?(xiglrspsk ?(erh(tspmg (ew(hvmzivw(sj(hiqerh(erh(wyttp (jsv(e(verki(sj(hmjjivirx
gsqqshmxmiw[(xlmw(fsso(mw(iwwirxmep(viehmrk(jsv(er sri(mrxiviwxih(mr(xli(hvmzivw(sj
gsqqshmx (tvmgiw(erh(tvshygxmsr(sziv(xli(pewx(girxyv (erh(xli(mqtpmgexmsrw(jsv(jyxyvi
xvirhw[
jsv(wsyrh(kpsfep(hizipstqirx?(xli(ri}x(ji{( ievw(evi(gvmxmgep(mr(ehstxmrk(tspmgmiw
xlex(epps{(vetmh(kvs{xl(mr(qihmer(mrgsqi(erh(xli(mrgsqi(sj(xli({svphw(tssv[
mrjpexmsr(erh(gsqqshmx (qevoix(zspexmpmx (lezi(gsrxvmfyxih(xs(xli(vizivwepw(mr
hizipstqirx(mr(vigirx( ievw?(yrhivqmrmrk(tszivx (vihygxmsr(erh(xli(irivk 
xverwmxmsr[(sziv(xmqi?(hiqerh(jsv(gsqqshmxmiw({mpp(lezi(xs(fi(qix(f (kviexiv
tvshygxmzi(getegmx imxliv(xlvsykl(xiglrspskmgep(ehzergiw(sv(xli(wyfwxmxyxmsr(sj
sri(gsqqshmx (jsv(ersxliv[(e(wsyrh(ksep(mw(jsv(xli(wlmjxw(mr(gsqqshmx (qevoixw
xs(irgsyveki(kssh(syxgsqiw(jsv(fsxl(hizipstqirx(erh(irzmvsrqirxep
gpmqexi(glerki(erh(xli(xverwmxmsr(jvsq(jswwmp(jyipw(xs(!ivsgevfsr(wsyvgiw(sj(irivk 
ehh(ersxliv(hmqirwmsr(xs(xli(yrgivxemrxmiw(xlex(vsmp(gsqqshmx (qevoixw[(i}xviqi
{iexliv(izirxw({mpp(figsqi(mrgviewmrkp (gsqqsr(erh(ger(ejjigx(xli(tvshygxmsr(sj
qer (gsqqshmxmiw[(xli(irivk (xverwmxmsrmrxirhih(xs(qmrmqm!i(xli({svwx(ijjigxw
sj(gpmqexi(glerkimw(epxivmrk(texxivrw(sj(gsqqshmx (tvshygxmsr(erh
gsrwyqtxmsr[(hiqerh(jsv(jswwmp(jyipw(mw(i}tigxih(xs(fi(jpex(sv(higpmri(sziv(xli(ri}x
ji{(higehiw?({lmpi(hiqerh(jsv(qixepw(mw(pmoip (xs(vmwi(hyi(xs(xli(lmkliv(qixepw
gsrxirx(sj(viri{efpi(irivk (mrjvewxvygxyvi[(sr(xli(tspmg (jvsrx?(gszmh
vipexih(wyttp (hmwvytxmsrw(erh(xli({ev(mr(yovemri(gsyph(pieh(xs(mrgviewih
tvsxigxmsrmwq(sr(irivk wigyvmx (erh(jssh(wipjwyjjmgmirg (kvsyrhw?(ew({ipp(ew
jvekqirxexmsr(sj(xvehi?(mrziwxqirx?(erh(jmrergmep(rix{svow[
